fix(python): Better clarification regarding log levels (#8632)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/integrations/logging/index.mdx

import sentry_sdk
from sentry_sdk.integrations.logging import LoggingIntegration

> # The SDK will honor the level of the logger, which is WARNING by default.

Reviewer: Is this correct?

- The default level for python's `logging` library is `INFO`
- The default level for Sentry's `LoggingIntegration`'s `level` param is `INFO`
- The default level for Sentry's `LoggingIntegration`'s `event_level` param is `ERROR`

It's a little confusing what default level this comment refers to.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase to 

```suggestion
# The SDK will honor the level set by the logging library, which is WARNING by default.
```

assuming my understanding is correct.
